Adds support page (#481)
AequilibraE/aequilibrae: README.md

[![QAequilibraE artifacts](https://github.com/AequilibraE/aequilibrae/actions/workflows/build_artifacts_qgis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AequilibraE/aequilibrae/actions/workflows/build_artifacts_qgis.yml)

AequilibraE is a fully-featured Open-Source transportation modeling package and the first comprehensive package

> of its king for the Python ecosystem. It provides all the most fundamental

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of its kind for the Python ecosystem. It aims to provide all the fundamental transport modelling
```

resources not available from other open-source packages in the Python (NumPy, really) ecosystem.

## Comprehensive documentation

[AequilibraE documentation built with Sphinx ](http://www.aequilibrae.com)

### What is available only in QGIS

Some common resources for transportation modeling are inherently visual, and therefore they make more sense if
available within a GIS platform. For that reason, many resources are available only from AequilibraE's 
[QGIS plugin](http://plugins.qgis.org/plugins/qaequilibrae/),
which uses AequilibraE as its computational workhorse and also provides GUIs for most of AequilibraE's tools. Said tool

> is developed independently and a little delayed with relationship to the Python package, and more details can be found in its 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is developed independently and new features from Aequilibrae may not be immediately available through the QGIS interface. More details can be found in its 
```

* GTFS Import

### What is available only in QGIS

Some common resources for transportation modeling are inherently visual, and therefore they make more sense if
available within a GIS platform. For that reason, many resources are available only from AequilibraE's 
[QGIS plugin](http://plugins.qgis.org/plugins/qaequilibrae/),
which uses AequilibraE as its computational workhorse and also provides GUIs for most of AequilibraE's tools. Said tool
is developed independently, although in parallel, and more details can be found in its 
is developed independently and a little delayed with relationship to the Python package, and more details can be found in its 
[GitHub repository](https://github.com/AequilibraE/qaequilibrae).

> ### What is not planned to be available any time soon

Reviewer: Is this not worth keeping?

Author: These things fall through the cracks... Until the other day, PT assignment was in the list...    I think that a proper roadmap will solve this issue.
